Simple chat example for typescript (#1419)
jmorganca/ollama: examples/typescript-simplechat/readme.md

# Simple Chat Example

> The **chat** endpoint is one of two ways to generate text from an LLM with Ollama. At a high level you provide the endpoint an array of objects with a role and content specified. Then with each output and prompt, you add more of those role/content objects, which builds up the history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **chat** endpoint is one of two ways to generate text from an LLM with Ollama. At a high level you provide the endpoint an array of message objects with a role and content specified. Then with each output and prompt, you add more messages, which builds up the history.
```

## Review the Code

> You can see in the **chat** function that actually calling the endpoint is done simply with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see in the **chat** function that is actually calling the endpoint is simply done with:
```
